feat: specifications for non-EVM payments (#697)
RequestNetwork/requestNetwork: packages/docs/docs/guides/8-payments/0-intro.md

To support a new blockchain as a base for payments, Request Finance needs these components:

- A paymentProxy smart contract
- Front-end methods to initiate the payment transaction (including helpers for UX)
- Methods to detect the payment and compute the balance
- Helpers to validate an address

Nb: This documentation focuses on payments, requests hashes don’t have to be published to the same chain as payments. Request Finance currently uses xDai for storage, whatever the payment chain.

## PaymentProxy smart contract

This is needed ONLY for one of these cases:

- CASE 1: Contract-based currencies such as ERC20 (without custom data)
- CASE 2: Native coins for blockchains where we cannot send input data with the transaction
- CASE 3: Native coins with some payments expected to be done by smart wallets

[Cf. the specifications for the Ethreum-based ERC20 proxy with fee](https://github.com/RequestNetwork/requestNetwork/blob/master/packages/advanced-logic/specs/payment-network-erc20-fee-proxy-contract-0.1.0.md)

The code should be strictly equivalent to [the Ethereum version](https://etherscan.io/address/0x370de27fdb7d1ff1e1baa7d11c5820a324cf623c#code).

> You can find several other payment contracts on our Github: https://github.com/RequestNetwork/requestNetwork/tree/master/packages/smart-contracts/test/contracts

Reviewer: `test` ▶️ `src`
```suggestion
You can find several other payment contracts on our [Github repository](https://github.com/RequestNetwork/requestNetwork/tree/master/packages/smart-contracts/src/contracts).
```

- Get the current wallet address (for user experience)
- Get the wallet balance for a given payment token
- Get the allowance amount, if applicable, for the proxy contract (approval need ?)
- Send a transaction to approve the given token to be spent by the proxy, if applicable
- Send the payment with all required information (including the paymentReference)

[Cf. examples in our repo.](https://github.com/RequestNetwork/requestNetwork/tree/master/packages/payment-processor)

## Detect the payment

All the methods below should be callable from a back-end (for caching purpose) and a front-end (for dapp usage). The state-of-the-art is to have a subgraph indexing payment for each chain, but RPC calls are valid if you know stable RPC providers able to query the whole history for the given chain.

[Cf. examples in our repo.](https://github.com/RequestNetwork/requestNetwork/tree/master/packages/payment-detection)

### Index events sent by the proxy

We need a way to query events by paymentReference, as this is the way we can retrieve the payment status of one specific invoice.

### Get notified of events sent by the proxy

> What is the preferred way to be notified of new interesting events ?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
What is the preferred way to be notified of new interesting events? How long does it take for a block to become finalized or to be considered as finalized?
```
